
About:

Black Market Buddy is a presentation and evaluation of the impact that items introduced in the game
mode Black Market Brawlers had upon different champions.

Each item has its own page, complete with an organizable table of champions and statistics.  We
have provided analysis of Win Rate and KDA both before the introduction of the game mode and during
it.  In order to maintain accurate results, only summoners which purchased a single Black Market Item
were included in the statistics.  Our goal is to provide an easy way to tell whether or not an item was
beneficial or detrimental to each champion.

From the item page, a champion page can be accessed.  Along with displaying a purty picture, the item
which proved to help the champion the most (in terms of Win Rate and KDA) and the item which hurt the
champion the most are displayed.  This is determined through a comparison of Win Rate and KDA both before
and during the game mode. 


How it Works:

Match History information from Riot is provided in the form of JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) Objects.
For our program, we wanted to access only certain pieces of information, and from many matches.  To 
accomplish this, we developed a program in Java which requests a match from Riot, searches through 
each summoner in the match to determine if the summoner is eligible to be included in the statistics
(eligible summoners* purchased a single Black Market Item, possibly in addition to other normal items). 
Once a summoner has been verified to be eligible, the program extracts the Champion Name, Item Purchased,
KDA, and Win/Loss.  These are averaged from all eligible summoners and are placed into our own JSON Objects.

Each finished object is of the form: {"Item Name": {"Champion Name": {"Win Rate", "Pick Rate", "KDA", "NumGames"}}}**

*If a summoner is from a pre-Black Market Brawlers match, he/she is automatically considered eligible
**Note that Pick Rate is available in our object but is unused in the interests of minimizing clutter.  "Item
  Name" for pre-Black Market Brawlers objects is ""

In order to respect Rate Limits, our program makes 1 request every 2 seconds to Riot's API.  Upon
receiving a 429 error, the program will wait for 15 seconds.  Theoretically this prevents our program
from ever exceeding the Development Key Usage (though occasional 429's are still received and can be explained
here ******LINK**********).  Unfortunately, this results in huge amounts of time spent extracting data.
As such, only information regarding matches in NA were used, and each object contains data from 5000 matches.

Our website was written with typical web development languages (HTML, CSS, JavaScript).
A script is used in order to populate each table of statistics.  Functions are included
that search our new object for the item, champion, and each data field.  In addition,
functions are included to reorder the data using a selection sort (hey it works, okay)
depending on the table header selected.

Our champion pages come from a template.  Links to the page append "#Ahri" for example, to the
URL.  This allows functions to parse the URL and put the correct splash art and name in place.
Functions then determine which item was best and which item was worst for the champion by 
calculating the difference between Pre Win Rate and KDA to Post Win Rate and KDA.
